me and shall lost at newlywed game ..
and there*s no one thither to undertake care of him either !
eventually vanish someone falls down and opens the threshold for me- upstairs new someone i shot ?
we *have a n64 at workplace here* , but mostly we exactly play mario kart .
therefore , we abided for a s all routine it was fairly fun .
another workweek passes us by ...
: ( oh *well !
whart reallly happened to the highlighter ? ?
haha exactly kid .
were so ineffective when it totals to tap its amusing !
and i infer that , but as a part meter chore that does* to bear implausible ?
well find *though ..
i consider that we exactly -slept in ...
i have a cs laboratory tonight excessively .
i do nt consider that i *have ever been to a marriage* , well a actual actual marriage .
i saw one was *like at a sopi tahoe retreat in 99- and a desire i pretended came actual .
overly much killin ...
i m perpetually -studyin !
i m goung to meditate survey now ...
th i had 141 preperation due , and friday no class !
bid me fortune on not havin a skittish dislocation !
for some motivation i have issues with immense tongues .
this is will and mys 6th one together ?
*which forms such a immense stand-in .
golf- of track .
and later* u look the various guidance and its the sea !
of track were all in it for the cash *right* ?
later we moved to daves lieu to operate on the talbot .
basically i exactly bitched and whined to will .
i consider that she was half chinese ?
it tastes form of weird , variety of like somethin ...
world agent we lazy we ca nt even wash him ourselves !
oh well , she was way coool *though .
anyhow hey friday i *have a telephony interview* with microsoft !
were so jam-packed pack in *three rooms ! !
world hullo !
andy coulda have tickets for *like half off .
i dunno , i m exactly hopin theyll labour it back another workweek .
he was so precious !
sunday world this was yesterday and i m drawing blanks .
perchance get pedicures or somethin , thosere perpetually fun..
later we had a scavenger searchwith a pull
consume all of testaments time .
def a playfulness day .
mayhap if i m on my best conduct
so that was *last night* ( midweek ) .
even i mayde it in thither !
spliced i worked .
anyways , today workplace moved by pretty fasting .
wow its been about a workweek !
got ta be back* into it quickly !
we *also saw the s'all betel ball stands , *where they have like these all window stands with refulgent neon lights and barely clothed women inside selling betel testicles .
lets see..
do nt think* i m lame but somethin very exciting happened to me *this forenoon ! !
but *this semester i do nt want to *have to assign in that much time towards mans .
um..
whart playfulness *this weekend has been !
i *started workin thither gettin of my sophomore year..
he coulda n t replace the smuggled beans..
the tying company walked through everything while me milan chanson exactly attended* out .
oh well !
haha .
therefore , i got ta one it !
he 's still sleepin !
disneyland !
i was however worn from the evening before though , didst find that much like* dancing .
even gettin through the metal detectors took evermore !
but i shot hey its pretty hoot costly !
but i do nt complain to will about it .
11 years ago !
but anyhow the film was tenacious but true to the book !
awesome ...
it was *like a aggregate of *like $ 350 or somethin ?
basically exactly *shudder and zhang out that evening .
and we found out that this other champion of willss now carrying their 2nd child !
i do nt know why , but sometimes just hanging out and speaking to a friend that you are not *like super close and just catching up and dishing 's reallly stress relieving !
that not teri and scott ... .
well *find .
the various salad vinegar est thatss thought to totalwith the various salad ! !
terminal xmas i got as a donation a shampoo tub set form outfit has .
trial and error .
haha , yah kinda like* when they werer ushering vengeance on tnt that film exactly is nt the identical without all the profanity ! !
i dunno , its not that *like its so much cash u jazz ?
but anyhow i got -home -showered and took a sleep* .
i m not convinced if i want to go- i m not that huge of a clubber- especially cuz when i do go clubbing there 's always alcohol involved and i do nt know how much alcohol i coulda even stand to look at right now .
reallly glorious and not rushed .
how irritating .
: ) ok ok passs passs !
theyre not even that costly .
it was soo coool ! !
the plumber world is comin today .
i had a sick dream yesterday .
( -there werer no cars in presence of me ) .
absolutely anyone were truly pleased we got to meet and zhang outwith .
wished to be somewhere else ! !
i bought to a cover letter book therefore , i coulda solve on cover letters ..
lets see we plucked up some pad siamese ( from tuk tuk siamese ) on the manner down to santa clara for automobileolyn 's birhtday , and ate in the machine .
but still some of these men serviceman ...
whart to wear whart to wear !
if it was in smuggled ! !
: ) today 's livin to become a prolific day ( i hope ) .
perpetrator ?
and later a pig driveways by and is same ok i radioed in there shoulda be a plough hehe* ..
still it was reallly reallly glorious havin everyone unitedly .
after eating we moved back and i only lost directly for like 15 minutes .
i do nt care excessively loong hair- so perchance tomorrow ill go get it cut- perchance get highlightings again .
you got it !
how wearying for andy ( driver ! ) .
passs !
it was gettin how multiple caucasian people= werer thither ! !
that alot of cash .
*sunday* mornin .
i wan na be somewhere ! ! !
yeah cars !
: ) byeee !
later we led out to north beach to go to chi ki ...
and well do some workshop unitedly before headin -home .
shall 's always saying he s a counterfeit but after today he 's certainly not saying that anymore ! !
therefore we get -there like* 550ish thinkin perchance *they concluded at 6 ?
there* was another girl in our political group but she s in taiwan now- world do i neglect her ! !
meetin at 2 to run on a project .
i consider if i contemplate my bottom off tonight i ought to do ok ..
shot which one 's for *whoo* !
andy thought that he had lost his sunglasses , so after searching and searching , it twisted out that *they werer in his pocket !
world ...
my friend from la is up this weekend- i think they 're going to go clubbing tonight but i dunno if i want to go- like i really want to hang out with her and stuff cuz i never see her and all- but i am really not a clubber- like i can say that i almost detest clubbing as much as i hate mushrooms and tofu .
down the beach more* seems *better mayhap better- snorkelling ? - and move even further down to the beach !
cuz we got to write it to waste when we go !
like its been over a workweek and if *they didst desire me to amount back* later* *theyd throw away my survey and why bother sending me this form ?
omg i sooo hope he 's goung to get that problem .
varnish the agreement !
but fairly much shall speak to the general general manager of oakland lexus and wanted dickhead reprimanded , cuz asshole they werer this closing to losing our occupation because of *this guy ! !
oh yah- i got an email message for a telephone interview today for *this *post i applied for on mon .
yah but sat night were moving to to *this at jack london square for our protagonist 's birhtday , i conceive that he 's turning 27 !
i was so fixed to get the attire plucked out today , yet we werer unsuccessful .
i m still cold thinkin about it .
and i know i like* to acquire brand name* stuff* and eat at costly places , but that all exactly icing on the patty .
ive got 1 cs hmwk issue left= overly do later* i got ta get started on the cs project ..
so anyhow after that we moved and did some shop i received quite a pair of trousers and a top from book storms and later* tried out shoes .
rant .
later we arrived home and ..
these berkeley run down flats *have potential of *well ...
but my lil si jackie ushered up !
yay its fri ! !
but we bet *again for various stakes ..
but come to trust of it- i never truly researched any options of doing somethin else- so whart woulda i potentially *look into ? ..
yum^_^ !
but if you wan na project an image of her : or link http : wow .
everything in my life perpetually does* seem to come down to browse ..
we hit it off had a band of stuff* to speak about and poppycock .
like this semester exactly *started right ?
to begin out , terminal day of talkin for our thin preperation !
we require around about the cheapest spot to hire breather train *there 3 main places- boss frog pacific loons and i forget the last one .
serviceman i m so dumb my pop gave me the paperwork and evidenced me to do it *like two months* ago !
coulda u consider it !
sunday morn we sleep in later* scavenged the fish tank and bought *more guppies !
i want out now !
and she laughs and says its because of her ornamentation its not exactly that hefty .
i consider that i m moving sick .
but alas it werer n't to be .
but anyways melinda found another fondue stead in sf - called matterhorn or somethin ?
but shall was my sugar diddy !
i consider the new onesre today at 8/7 central !
*good* mornin !
yay ! !
we didst get hometill like a a a rio came over and him and shall each chartered a sleep* .
*well actually will and i heaaded out early to the lexus dealership therefore we coulda dip off our car before they closed , and then they gave us a ride to the oakland aerodrome whereby we got to by like 6:00 p.m. .
it feels *good* to actually compensate for somethin ..
and i was goung to get bit but i want *started ...
so now i m thought to be studyin .
oh we got a table from one of my sisters a tablewith 4 chairs .
like for me tylenol ibuprofen never works by itself i *have to *have a snooze no matter how forgetful in orderliness for my cephalalgias to go away .
and i m like* no- any beans *except smuggled beans- so he 's like* no beans- later* ?
verify in with yas later* !
gay fri !
need to view up on my classes !
whart else aah i got ta relaunch my recommendation overly .
hm ..
but that skillful at least i get to sleep* in !
its exactly odd because after striking off for so long you exactly form of think of your hometown as same well ...
and spirit at the puppy ! !
were doing sonar and infrared sensors and mikes and twinkles and a s all programme camera !
it worked ! !
omg whart an awesome awesome experience .
i 'm moving to close for the rest of workweek spliced , thur and fri !
oh yeah *this mornin we occupied mojo to the veterinarian .
my toes fingernailsre so perty .
and like* the terminal guy his stuff* didst cometill like a good 45 bits after my stuff* -came !
bands of time huh !
it was actually pretty playfulness .
i m wondering if i wish to ask some people= if they desire to go or just go me and karen that coulda be exactly more relaxed ?
whatever the reason why it was at first that caused those reactions , even if those feelings for some person coulda *well be gone but the song 's feelings are still there* u know ?
for the rehearsal -lunch *there werer very many people and it *like a complete 10 track meal or somethin ! !
we had thai -home for lunch haven been *there eternally !
whart 'd we do that evening ?
but its okay , i had him preorder the new game son that comin out overly .
duck !
-then we didst still bother 'with figure two . but the commercials for # 3 looked somewhat humourous and with all the celebrities we projected it was worth a shot .
omg !
i consider even when i m -senior i m moving to jazz kate spade .
and good thing will was there cuz i got immediately annoyed and will was polite and was like , no she said not spicy ( which i for sure did ) and the the guy was like , well , you should specify next time not spicy at all and im thinking to myself ( what ! ! ?
all by myself excessively !
i m heretill 6 !
we arrived *back -home and vanished asleep watching snl .
survey .
argh ...
omg as i was taking to work today , i thought the dream i had *last evening .
i dunno ..
hama
pearl harbour .
michael and stephanie moved up first i think , me and shall played *more blackjack .
so at our table was will and carolyn ( *whoo are gettin spliced in august !
: ) that was fairly funny .
one of the marriage planner 's cell telephone plumped forth .
its so *good* seeing her *again !
yes ...
waiters didst totalled *back up *until 3pm *this afternoon .
so anyhow *like the comin year or therefore i *think we maybe talked on the telephone wrote letters ?
whart do i do ?
i ca nt even recall the *last time i ran clubbing .
i have a midterm tomorrow mornin .
byee !
i m moving to do 1 - 4 of ee143 ( exam of midterm1 real fasting ...
th was a pretty *shudder* day .
so random .
omg i feel sick ... ..
and three !
lets see .
presumably its reallly skillful ?
fairly much that intact venue frap pacino i toast got sick up .
so as uneventful as the night* was- i accomplished my main goal- which lied in zhang out with my supporter and shall didst have to shell out $ $ for the covering and swallows for me .
no food here exactly ike jello and eggs .
he still let us look at *ehem* in the microscope !
-therere girlfriends worth befriending in eu !
but anyways gon na get some material been accomplished and ill go back and elaborate more* !
ooh my notebook is comin today ..
saturday mornin i awakened up at 8 'm and washed up- dang it felt sound to brush my dentition !
hm ...
one was everything i wanted in cuteness and the various one was everything i wanted in temperament !
not to be superficial but i *baung to browse !
it was *this guy and this girl and i think* they werer sort of into each various therefore we saw no big dispute .
i consider that i found a raw route !
its newly expanded so it woulda require to be intriguing !
i coulda go snowboarding on sunday- ! !
anyways *started to the dentist this mornin .
the humour are n t exactly gay gay .
wow it was hefty and very grand !
i was looking at *this application for this job and one of the issues werer 'do you have fingerprints on file 'or something like- that , and i thought the same thing* whart a nice way to ask an issue without straight out asking it !
even if he s sleeping or stinkin from golf i feel the most well-heeled when were unitedly , when he s holding my hand .
this semester has been in stark demarcation ; i do nt remember a time this semester that i was like* reallly pleased ( ok *well maybe acing that one midterm1 ..
i consider my problem interview* -went alright today ?
so much for bands of cash !
he thinks i subconsciously make a disarray barely therefore i coulda clean it up .
byee !
and i pulled it off its hooks and departed !
it shoulda be playfulness .
its however various when he does down vs. when i go up .
i shot i just mated like gaining somethin generally i m *really good at monopoly and i always recoil bottom .
which is wrong !
and i m off at 6 and its like been a *good* day , and later all of a sudden bamn a bazillion visits .
we know the solution *right* ?
but i m doubtlessly moving to try to play- and if not- i coulda however gossip *with shirley in the golf- pushcart .
i m exactly procrastinating *more .
1 ) as i already mentioned took eternally for the waiter to come 2 ) we had to obtain our own menus 3 ) we had to obtain our own utensils eventually the waiter comes and we order drinks and our food .
and now its been a year !
touched bands of people= .
whart ! ?
by then the waitress is like speaking in korean to the chefs and its like very obviously they 're talking about us- not too pleasantly- probably about how annoying we are and stuff- and the waitress is like- well bla bla bla , bla bla , like really rudely , so we 're like fine- we 'll just sit at the bar !
when did she get thither !
i require a real problem .
do !
later i saw an machine in my rearward perspective mirror that was behind me modify lanes from a ways behind me and begin speeding up .
so weird ... ..
the partay was playfulness !
am going to trade in my old gba for the new one that looks much cuter , seeing that i dont even play my gba cuz the lighting on it sucks and its so huge , hopefully this new one ( got ta trade in my old one + 60 bucks ) will be more enticing to play !
and i was *like ..
i m startin non-polluting today !
far down the street..
yay were havin tulips !
also* , we checked out an *asian florist and at first i didst think* we were reallly communicating what we wanted , but by the end of the visit- i felt she *really saw eye to eye of what i wanted .
sapping but playfulness !
it was weird i dunno how we eventually pictured it out ha ha .
*like its reallly weird the cold water is glorious bands of pressure .
we werer exactly speaking about like- shoes a !
coulda u consider that !
you shoulda undertake it !
coulda we paint ?
september 18 irrespective .
were pointed down to santa clara for wills protagonist 's wills bday thin g
and i m *like hm *well i just had a piece of wimp , mayhap that more piquant than the actual noodles .
him and andy had a tee time at like- 7:51 at *this course in vallejo park .
argh !
come back later* !
whart did i do ?
yay !
life-threatening whart awesome news huh !
its still *there !
forth goes the corvette .
lets see..
before i go into that though ( if i do ) retread of an awesome monument day weekend- !
: ) so anyhow off to a prolific day hopefully !
shall welcomed quite a pelt grinder from crate and barrel ..
i *have hope ! !
wow lakes recoil bottom .
fairly dang tight huh !
i exactly got woken up !
i *eep* saying myself how first-class our lives are enduring to be when i finish school* but i realise in orderliness to do that i better do good in my classes *this *last semester ! !
whart s moving on this weekend ?
viewing its due today !
aah there was this gay asian guy dance by himself- he want like wrong seeming u know ?
i consider that itll make it far easier to speak about and not leave thigns .
and of course i m not printing directly ( cuz that would be crazed long ) but instead i m copying into word documents and printing them out like- 2 to either side , front and *back , whichw is taking a loong ass time .
and of form , there a smoke section at the backbone of the vessel near the barbecue grills !
bleh !
yay ! !
but to help towards the end of every session i justl took back my original* cash and gave my winnings to will plus i remunerated for breakfast and -lunch today !
world i 'm testing to control my balance in my bank score but bofa .
i moved out to the john and buy some memento train ( a blink182 sweatshirt to shirt and crucial drawstring ) .
but this period was exactly a immense bummer !
ill undertake to become more intersting following time !
my first automobile accident !
: ) cuz i recoil bottom !
later* we moved back down .
the workweek was intersting .
i bid to *find celebrities ! !
lets exactly say it takes trimming up for halloween !
ive decided that i m goung to lessen my one and alone cs course .
i 'm clearly moving to undertake to enjoy thigns more !
we hit the opinion that i woulda go up to see him every weekend .
but *well worth it !
this semester everything has been on *eep* because of my day-by-day tension because of school* ...
yum^_^ !
oh yes and worn-out nearly two days *with one of my finest boosters shirley *whoo is livin there !
we gave the chance to see some boosters we haunt seein in a piece so it was coool .
i sure hope so- but if not ..
so everyone did back to our stead and the adults chatted and then us kids -went to visit- *baung actually at covina 30. what is up *with amc20 at pen the hills not playin what we want !
no !
therefore , i 'm no longer in debt !
view up later* !
hilariious ! !
by the time th does around ( cs midterm1 ) itll be alone 1 workweektill vegas so it shoulda help me get through these agonizing times* !
ahah therefore , i endeavour a swing , and shall is like* , wow- that was a splendid hit- as he watches a ball go soaring pretty far ..
on the manner dropping off one of our friends last evening we stopped at hollywood video cuz shall has these like rent up to 3 of nothing for 99 cents each coupons .
hehe .
ugh !
every1 once in a piece boats shall sail by *which forms reallly cool kayaks as *well !
were headin to hawaii goal- of septembre !
for some ground ..
i m so a stable !
like* before i used to be kind of weary cuz i felt like i didst really know that multiple of will 's friends , but aftera like- 4 years i m certainly much more cosy and at ease with them- they constitute lots of fun ! !
i dunno i mean its overly early in the month for me to be pms in *though .
so wild .
its weird i do nt remember reallly whart we did *though .
shall does* to want to go into the water ...
rhombus stud earrings ( eventually he he ) and platinum s all wickets .
i didst recall the film was as horrifying as everyone said it was though .
i detest cs ! !
haven made plans i woulda require to truly get on it if i require to get out tonight ..
off to scavenging my bedchamber .
still no workplace !
the worst section is that its not still like- a steady *like presentation- its *like i *have to do it on somethin technology a
i 'd exactly like to undertake this point to gush on about whart a remarkable swain fiance i *have .
and there* like- different equations and stuff and in my dream last night , like i was on *this journey of some sort goung around and connecting all these equations together and in the end- it came out to be exactly whart it shoulda be [ ? ] ...
but we had a hi tech burrito for -lunch and by the time 9ish roamed by we werer still shoved and overly lazy- to go out to the township .
wow i was reserving it to serve *this mornin .
but overall impression- brilliant time !
but later* it was like- 930 a wishing and *they werer in retentive beach and i got lazy .
like* sure , *there this girl i know i think she 's beenwith her bf for like* gosh knows how long , but like shes cheated on him numerous times , so like- , i dont *think that relaly counts .
we moved to lexus and the bargainer was so well-disposed .
am i funny or whart but the idea of making newfangled curtains , or exactly *like cleansing pretends me upbeat !
we were talking about online journals today , and i was thinking , like , i dont ' really use this journal to like pour out my heart and soul and stuff , its more like just a diary/calendar , ehehe , so i can remember what we did on each day and stuff , cuz things start to blend together after a while .
ugh .
well *have a 4 day weekend- !
yay ! !
afterward we dropped j off in san mate we had some time to pop therefore we ran to the b and noblemen next to the hills dale promenade .
shall loves zachary so itll all work out fine- .
yay the weekend is about here* !
whart a frail mind ihave !
shall projected on us leavin at 5 for tahoe , but for some ground the alarm didst go offtill 7 ..
its *like 10x bigger than the various one !
she was so fairly .
i ihave formally gotten sick of sims ...
later* after that we departed to skate its our anniversary lieu to eat- and had sweets .
got ta pass got ta pass got ta pass ! ... .
) - they got subway and i found quite a winton soup from sunhongkong *which was 4 bucks !
it was reallly fun actually- my own group was me , patrick , chris alvaro and joe .
we didst do often , played video* games ?
she was way coool !
the guy next to me *like breathed on me and i *started a s'all routine .
listening to -music as i contemplate hopefully .
medium duration hair ! !
oh well !
when i consider about our relatioship i m still wowed sometimes aboud how awesome it is .
but piece it was raining hard , later gettin higher it was like a blizzard !
after six months reunited we shall be again !
oh well !
: ) we had our usual* anniversary lunch at skates- .
son do i require a bigger spot ! !
midweek .
ash
and he did *this little like* cheering dance at the outset i guess* cuz he had announced that the hmwk timetable woulda be postponed and people werer probably cheering cuz they werer pleased ..
yah coulda you say tired .
very very weird .
not that we never vaccuumed *ehem* but our ancient dinky one coulda n t get like- hair and dot forth of it .
ive decided that i require a raw purse .
later back* to the hotel and *they ihave a trolley that comes every1 like* x minutes that extends us to disneyland !
dang kids are costly !
immense *body squat stage .
and take a power nap and wake up and switch subjects to 143. all day tomorrow 143 cuz im sure monday im going to be panicking about 141 , then take the 141 final tuesday morning ( 8-11 ) , come home , power nap and do 143 rest of all monday ( maybe meet up to do practice finals ) and then tuesday morning take my 143 exam ( 8-11 ) ; power nap then do all day tuesday and wed 126 which i have the exam friday at 1230-330 !
my birhtday !
ah the dilemnas in life i face .
i *think life up here is absolutely *more slow and laid *back ..
cuz its so close , and i rely i didst believe that it woulda claim that foresighted .
its the *wump* of a glorious weekend .
stripe ?
and i was like- , no i been successfully completed it ..
wait i didst mention- i received quite a part time problem ! ! ! ! !
zhang outwith him and his flatmate friend- coworker dave .
still *though ...
-return graduation robe -deposit assay recommendation stuff argh you 'd consider with being been accomplished *with -school i 'd feel a load of tension off my thorax .
no hint .
shall on the alternative hand had bands of funwith my warm cashes at express men ( aka structure ! !
well i shot i m moving to undertake not to consider about it .
aah therefore , we moved to the driving range on mon i was doing a band riper than final time !
i bid i was in the *other one ! !
yay its th !
me karenre wimps and *wump* off a lower cliff !
tuesday mornin 730 i get to the offsite .
were moving down to la today !
i want a jackpot .
less spoiling of me ...
got in to john wayne aerodrome like* around* 6ish ?
anyhow , i desire feelin excessively warm .
its visited pool anna ( sp ?
oh yes andy left his sunglasses in his machine backwards at sfo so he got new sunglasses overly !
somethin about gettin somethin for zilch ...
so me and my best bud conni head over to the local plaza and we each split a pair of earrings .
i dunno , i justl think that before someone has kids they shoulda to be in a steady and strong relationship and ihave *like some form of future goung for *ehem* ...
: ) saturday was a pretty chill day slept intill like- 1ish- later a supporter of ours came *over and we had dejeuner and afterward walked around on telegraphy .
it was fairly arduous .
i saw in the day-by-day cal yesterday that *theyre seeming for a hostess at this pool hall like- down the street from *where i endure .
mojo woulda require to ihave overlooked us .
its somethin i care to become a part of but the one meetin i ihave been to seem form of stuffy .
so promptly i saw one i wished .
i 'm not convinced whart i m goung to get him for his bday though .
i exactly want very enthusiastic .
aah i received quite a b in my ee *class !
haha , shall def woulda not care me vomiting in his lexus !
like* the portionwith the ants..
i better go subject *right* now !
i m dropping a track so *this dis i woulda require to clearly go to .
*like -there werer no entries its like wild *family style and recommended ordering of like- 2-3 items per person ! !
of aah ! !
but the various ?
10 seconds left= lakes down by 4 , conscientiously we all thought it was *over .
vega looks provisional .
yah !
yah but hey its an experiment *right* ?
it was glorious 3 chambers and material , but of course we alone used one .
the trajectory is delayed 'bout twenty minutes .
haha .
dumb boosters ter !
vega towards the goal of every month ! !
at least it certain feels forgetful compared against the 14 minutes i was here* yesterday !
ahhh whart playfulness .
we 're at like a bookstore or something- and im looking to buy these 2 vc andrew books- and im surprised cuz will 's like ok. he 's there to meet like an old friend to interview her or something .
it was fairly wild .
but anyhow , it was playfulness .
hopefully by march .
so regretful today on all my kids .
i 'm exactly a reallly non-polluting person !
but alas i shot even i do n't sink that *lol* .
but i got through it ..
*well not exactly , they werer filled with awesome agony because of school but wow i ca nt believe its *like almost half over .
: ) ok yes- so that whart happened last evening .
hm whart else wants to get done* ah yes- 2 laboratory quizzes due tomorrow in lab- i m meetin hale at 8m tomorrow dawning ...
mayhap ..
hehe .
but that woulda shortly interchange !
byee !
anyhow , it was fun like gossiping about people= from secondary -school .
later house *again i moved and hung outwith my parents and viewed a film and material at theater !
i however like the various act and orderings better- .
labour driveway and we amount to this beach which is evocative of beachfront of this resort .
but shall pluck me -home and got me into seamwith ibuprofen and everything .
fri was fourth of july !
but the net solution was worth it !
yay !
short- hair *though *which is *good* i shot .
hehe .
mayhap not be so cocky ...
zero i coulda do now but wait and project whart happens .
sheesh .
*like i m sure -there lots to do but i m just not used to the whole living at household with my parents thing for too long- it drives me nuts to have to like be household at a particular time and stuff u know ?
i didst finish it !
expended off will at the drome today !
byeee !
its moving to be bands and bands of playfulness !
i m exactly cross .
oh well .
and she looks *over at my shell and is like- ...
i shot i shall utter about my voyage once i get a cd burned *with pix from karen she brought to her digital and i didst
sometimes hard i do nt think* people cover how freak difficult these tracks are !
oh *well following time !
world its moving to be intersting moving with wills fathers and andys parents ! !
went to tanaka for lunch final night mr tanaka was speaking we shoulda try their small* crab thingies and we went *over to look and i was pretty grossed out !
eck !
i shot i def shoulda call her asap to let her know- but i feel so shamefaced !
the film was fairly awesome .
i consider that ill run some sims later meditate some more* math .
but i managed to wakey up later* .
willok today off i consider we are headin off with shirley christian to eat at some spot called greasy apple in albany ?
creamy ? ...
and she s holding a pix straight out in forepart of me- arch its a pix of like one of the guy 's head -all *like contorted and ...
suctions !
so whart did we do ?
and its reallly unjust for him its beat he 's still round . !
*they woulda require to woulda require to hit ! !
therefore , we drove up yesterday after i got off employment occupied about *three minutes , and shall booked a room at horizons casino- $ 29 bucks !
but oh *well !
termsss me like- 3 times* as much ..
: ) oh yes , *last week we had a quick *last minute bday thin gee for will on tuesday , speak about last minute i didst decide to do it till *like *sunday* evening !
as corny as it 's exactly that i require will ..
back home ..
we go to prize island and we have *ehem* like *eep* our material cuz its overly early to control in and we go eat at like the food stead there ( not buffet ) .
ok ?
-lunch reservations at skates at 845 and later* back to our position for *more sub a .
its 1am ...
then there* were like unique people= there too hmm lets see i do nt reallly remember everyone , but tim was the guy *whoo* set it up and he 's hella funny oh and we gave his cousin susie a ride up from berkeley .
gambled *more ! !
just down the street- but *theyre much *more costly and everything is a la carte and shall reallly wanted prime rib therefore we sat *there and waited and waited and waited ..
: ) 143 tomorrow mornin ...
ok so the purpose of the outing wishing to exactly go workshop .
i only hope i do nt flunk *this one like- my cs one .
*yeah mayhap .
i m functioning to get washed up perchance go into workplace later today ..
it had its good *parts but like* yah i know- jackie chan movies are *like funny stupid- , but *parts of this werer simply lame- 'aqua la vista babe ' ?
*whoo* loves !
how irritating .
and later i got ta novice an intact workweek of bother .
we werer exactly wondering why he was so quiet today its because he didst feel good !
got ta create me some cash fasting !
sat me shall had -lunch *with my gran aunts and uncle and a cousin and my parents .
earnestly !
i m moving disturbed !
coulda u consider it !
i shot i m forever down to do somethin various .
hehe !
later* i moved on a sick workshop fling and i mean* sick .
i m sure moving to neglect him *this weekend- !
so exhausting day !
no *class today .
weird huh .
but i shot i shoulda n t be..
even *though it was hella challenging , curiously sufficient i reallly sort of enjoyed it !
anyhow .
and pointed back out to conni 's position .
hm lets see .
ugh ! !
oh yes- me and shall got raw cell phones !
and later h / p -came over and we played bomber a piece shallok a sleep !
afterward we went to dennys had a had an and later we *started home cuz shall had to get to -sleep early for this mornin .
wow paparazzi galore .
got my occupation scorecards yesterday !
but it was worth it .
is that decent to say how beyond me it is ?
i woulda detest to be a reallly reallly -senior folie still *around when i didst know person .
spring break= is comin up .
i consider pasadena to tustins a tenacious driveway
i lost a minute last evening !
vaporize to la thursday evening hoot it was sexy .
ahah mayhap ..
but anyhow it was very very scrumptous *more scrumptous than i had gestated .
but !
i do nt recall if it was *last year or the year* before but i had the twenty percent coupon ( or was it 30 ? )
rushing a s all routine 'm i ?
yes- pokemonopoly .
he 's the hr director i recall for this tutoring program that based up here and he was exactly saying that they were searching for *like -math physical science coaches .
questionable ..
but i guess *this theme* golf- ball aerodynamics exactly is nt exactly up my alley therefore i panicked .
but i shot b+ is however good itd serve my gpa irrespective hehe !
let 's see now .
i detest scavenging my chamber .
ack ! !
shoulda be been because 1 ) it was night* ( pm am ) so it was glorious and coool and 2 ) we scarcely had to wait for any rides !
i sure hope so !
i postulated shallday when were goung to vegas *again and i jokingly said 39 months ( when the machine rent is up ) - and he didst say anything !
do lakes exactly lost .
