all afternoon , my pop pushed the country roads between detroit and lansing .
What he was looking for, I never learned, probably because he did not know himself, although he took any unknown side road and followed where she led him in front of fields of sweet corn in August or winter those of frozen sheaves.
often he would leave the terraplane next to the highway to enter the stunned silence of mid septembre his eyes down for a sign , the only music of his own breath or the wind slowly crossing the rods or straddling the sterile terrain .
Later, he would go home, his dress shoes covered in dust or mud, his long black overcoat stained or tattered at the hem, sitting without a word in his favorite chair, his tie loosened and looking nothing.
at first my chums and i tried the discourse heads that only he could answer : why had he gone to war ?
where did he teach arabic ?
where was his pop ?
i do n't recall any of that .
I read everything later, years later as an old man, grandfather myself, in a newspaper he left my mother small drawings of ruined barns and telephone poles, moving away from a future he never lived, from the aphorisms of Montaigne, Juvénal, Voltaire, and perhaps some of his own: "He who seeks answers finds questions".
3 times he wrote ` ` i was supposed to be someone else ` ` and then he described the scents of wet fields .
`` it all begins with sources `` and a pencil drawing of vernal apple trees that he saw somewhere or dreamed of .
i inherited the book when i was about 70 years elderly and with it the essential to amount back to who we were .
at the detroit airport , i rented a taurus ; the woman at the counter was bored or crazy : did i want company ? she necessitated ; she knew all the roads from here to chicago .
she had a slender dialect dutch or german tenacious smuggled hair and a frozen eye .
i thought about it but i decided to go alone purpose on find what he had never found .
slowly the autumn morn warmed up herds of starlings rose above the vacant fields and masked the sun .
I continued until I found the apple grove heavy with fruit, and I left the car, the engine running, next to a fence that was collapsing, and I entered his life for the first time perhaps.
A crow greeted me at home, the sun straddled above, austere and silent, the early afternoon was cloudless, perfect.
when the crow dragged itself into another world the shadow slowly deepened in puddles that darkened around the trees ; for a minute while in sight stopped .
The wind was buzzing in my good ear, not words exactly, nor nonsense either, nor what I was thinking, just the creation of language once awakened.
I took off my hat, a mistake in the presence of my father's God, wiped my forehead with what I had, the back of my hand, and marveled at what was there: nothing at all except the obstinacy of things.
